Document `gp ssh` (#3784)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/gitpod-cli.md

gp snapshot
```

## ssh

> `gp ssh` outputs a runnable command for use when connecting to your workspace via SSH. You can use this command when transitioning from the browser into editing from your local Terminal or watching your tasks progress in a popped-up window.

Reviewer: I like the idea of the examples, but feel like it anchors to thinking that it's only useful when moving browser to your own terminal, which is not the only use case. Potentially dropping the examples is more clear...

```suggestion
`gp ssh` outputs a command you can copy/paste to another terminal to connect to your Gitpod workspace via SSH.  The command requires that you have [uploaded a public key to Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/user-settings/ssh#upload-an-ssh-key-to-gitpod).
```

> `gp ssh` outputs a runnable command for use when connecting to your workspace via SSH. You can use this command when transitioning from the browser into editing from your local Terminal or watching your tasks progress in a popped-up window.

Author: > What is a "popped up window?" 

Good point, this was touched on poorly. It was supposed to be a use case for when you essentially want a multi-window setup for your workspace - for instance one Window for your editor and on your second monitor a terminal for monitoring tasks etc.
